README.md, before:

# Title: React Professional Portfolio 

## Table of Contents
- [Description](#description)
- [Technology](#technology)
- [Usage](#installation/usage)
- [Contribution](#contribution)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Description
In this project, I created a portfolio page using React/Vite that showcases my skills and projects as a full stack developer. Complete with a contact form and downloadable resume for potential employer's convenience. 

### Deployed Application on Netlify


### Screenshot of Application
![](./src/assets/img/portfolio-ss.png)

### Technology
- Node.js
- React/Vite

## Usage
- Clone the repository and enter `npm install` in the command line to install all dependencies
- Enter `npm run dev` in the command-line to start the application server on your localhost


### Set Up Form / Contact Submission

Then, create a (free) [Formspree Account](https://formspree.io) to collect and manage your contact submissions. Create a `.env` file and paste in `REACT_APP_FORM_ID="not-a-real-form-id"`. Then, replace `not-a-real-form-id` with the form id listed in your Formspree account (the last part of your form's endpoint: `https://formspree.io/f/not-a-real-form-id`). If you're using something other than Github Pages, such as Vercel, Heroku, or Netlify, set up these variables in that provider's UI/dashboard. 

## Contribution
- Fork the repository

## Questions
Contact me with questions: 
- https://github.com/ccarroll929 
- ccarroll0528@gmail.com

Commit message:

updated with link to deployed application

README.md, after:

# Title: React Professional Portfolio 

## Table of Contents
- [Description](#description)
- [Technology](#technology)
- [Usage](#installation/usage)
- [Contribution](#contribution)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Description
In this project, I created a portfolio page using React/Vite that showcases my skills and projects as a full stack developer. It also features a contact form, social media links, and a downloadable resume for potential employer's convenience. 

### Deployed Application on Netlify
https://christinacarrollportfolio.netlify.app/ 

### Screenshot of Application
![](./src/assets/img/portfolio-ss.png)

### Technology
- Node.js
- React/Vite

## Usage
- Clone the repository and enter `npm install` in the command line to install all dependencies
- Enter `npm run dev` in the command-line to start the application server on your localhost

### Set Up Form / Contact Submission

Then, create a (free) [Formspree Account](https://formspree.io) to collect and manage your contact submissions. Create a `.env` file and paste in `REACT_APP_FORM_ID="not-a-real-form-id"`. Then, replace `not-a-real-form-id` with the form id listed in your Formspree account (the last part of your form's endpoint: `https://formspree.io/f/not-a-real-form-id`). If you're using something other than Github Pages, such as Vercel, Heroku, or Netlify, set up these variables in that provider's UI/dashboard. 

## Contribution
- Fork the repository

## Questions
Contact me with questions: 
- https://github.com/ccarroll929 
- ccarroll0528@gmail.com
